Update i18n docs to use make-json command from wp-cli (#15303)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/internationalization.md

msgstr "Saltuon mundo"
```

> The last step to create the translation file is to convert the `myguten-eo.po` to the JSON format needed. For this, you can use the wp-cli [make-json command](https://developer.wordpress.org/cli/commands/i18n/make-json/), requires wp-cli v2.2.0 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step to create the translation file is to convert the `myguten-eo.po` to the JSON format needed. For this, you can use WP-CLI's [`wp i18n make-json` command](https://developer.wordpress.org/cli/commands/i18n/make-json/), which requires WP-CLI v2.2.0 and later.
```

WordPress will check for a file in that path with the format `${domain}-${locale}-${handle}.json` as the source of translations. Alternatively, instead of the registered handle you can use the md5 hash of the relative path of the file, `${domain}-${locale} in the form of ${domain}-${locale}-${md5}.json.`

> Using `make-json` automatically names the file with the md5 hash, so it is ready as-is. You could rename to use the handle, in this case would be `myguten-eo-myguten-script.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `make-json` automatically names the file with the md5 hash, so it is ready as-is. You could rename the file to use the handle instead, in which case the file name would be `myguten-eo-myguten-script.json`.
```
